# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 20ms
    [gap of 54ms]
    create-X86_64-model 13ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 87ms
  [gap of 49ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 136ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
  [gap of 30ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 54ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 43ms
  [gap of 38ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
  [gap of 21ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 54ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 28ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 18ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 21ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 18ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 17ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 26ms
  [gap of 26ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 52ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 28ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 42ms
    [gap of 38ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 80ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 27ms
  [gap of 23ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
  [gap of 45ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 86ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 41ms
  [gap of 39ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 80ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
  [gap of 28ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 61ms

